= Knife Flow

= DESCRIPTION:

Collection of Chef plugins for promiting and releasing cookbooks to different environments and organization.

= INSTALLATION:

Be sure you are running the latest version Chef. Versions earlier than 0.10.0 don't support plugins:

    gem install chef

These plugins are distributed as ruby files. To install them, copy the files to the .chef/knife/plugins directory


= CONFIGURATION:

The Knife-Flow assumes you have at least 2 organizations with at least one environment each and you are using git flow for your chef-repo. You also must be in the develop branch for the plugins to work.


= SUBCOMMANDS:

This plugin provides the following Knife subcommands. 

== knife increment COOKBOOK1 COOCKBOOK2

Increments the list of coockbooks  version by 1 digit at the patch level ( i.e. 2.3.1 -> 2.3.2 ), it then uploads the cookbook by running <tt> knife cookbook upload COOCKBOOK1 </tt> and commits the cahnges to the 




In-depth usage instructions can be found on the {Chef Wiki}[http://wiki.opscode.com/display/chef/].

= LICENSE:

Author:: johnlouis petitbon (<jpetitbon@mdsol.com>)
Copyright:: Copyright (c) 2009-2011 Medidata, Inc.
License:: Apache License, Version 2.0

Licensed under the Apache License, Version 2.0 (the "License");
you may not use this file except in compliance with the License.
You may obtain a copy of the License at

    http://www.apache.org/licenses/LICENSE-2.0

Unless required by applicable law or agreed to in writing, software
distributed under the License is distributed on an "AS IS" BASIS,
WITHOUT WARRANTIES OR CONDITIONS OF ANY KIND, either express or implied.
See the License for the specific language governing permissions and
limitations under the License.

